Improve documentation on file provider limitations with file system notifications (#5939)
containous/traefik: docs/content/providers/file.md

If you're in a hurry, maybe you'd rather go through the [dynamic configuration](../reference/dynamic-configuration/file.md) references and the [static configuration](../reference/static-configuration/overview.md).

!!! warning "Limitations"

>     With the file provider, Traefik listen to the file system notifications to update the dynamic configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With the file provider, Traefik listens for file system notifications to update the dynamic configuration.
```

>     If you use a mounted/binded file system in your orchestrator (like docker or kubernetes), the way the files are linked may be a source of errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use a mounted/bound file system in your orchestrator (like docker or kubernetes), the way the files are linked may be a source of errors.
```

>     If the link between the file systems is broken, when a source file/directory is changed/renamed, nothing will be reported to the linked file/directory, so the file system notifications will be neither triggered neither catched. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the link between the file systems is broken, when a source file/directory is changed/renamed, nothing will be reported to the linked file/directory, so the file system notifications will be neither triggered nor caught. 
```

>     For example, in docker, if the host file is renamed, the link with the mounted file will be broken and the container file will not be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, in docker, if the host file is renamed, the link to the mounted file will be broken and the container's file will not be updated.
```
